##Questions:

• Read up on the Boston Matrix
   
   Boston Matrix, also known as market growth rate - the relative market share matrix, the Boston Consulting Group Act, the four-quadrant analysis, the product structure management law, etc. The essence of Boston Matrix is to achieve the cash flow balance of an enterprise based on the optimal combination of business. There are four categories of business portfolio as follow:
  1. Stars refers to the product with high growth and high market share. It developed by the Question Marks based on the continuous investment and it can be considered as the leader of the high-speed growth market. It will become the Cash cows of the company in the future. Although the produts in this area are in the high-speed growth market and a dominant market share, it doesn't mean that Stars can take the steady flow of cash to the company. With the high-speed development of market, company must invest continuously and keep pace with the market growth, then repel the competitors.
  2. Question Marks refers to the product with high growth and low market share. The product in this area are some speculative product with  high risk. This is often a new business of a company. In order to develop Question Marks, the company must establish factory and set up equipment and staff. This can be use to follow the market with high-speed development. It is also means the large investment. The Question Marks can describe the attitude of the company for the business, because the company should reply whether continuous invest or not to develop this business. The business which can satisfy the long-term goal of company development, the company have useful resources, increase the core competitiveness of the company can get a positive answer. The Question Marks can be developed as Stars.
  3. Cash cows refers to the product with low growth and high market share. The product in this area can produce a large number of cash, but the growth prospects in the future are limited. This is a leader of mature market, it is the source of corporate cash. Because the market becomes maturely, the company doesn't have to invest a large number of investment to expand the scale of market. At the same time, as the leader of market, Cash cows have the advantages of scale and high margin, and bring a lot of cash flow to the company. Companies often use Cash cows to pay business accounts and support the other three business which required a lot of cash. Cash cows is suitable for the stability strategy mentioned in strategic framework.
  4. Dogs refers to the product with low growth and low market share. Normally, this kind of business often have low profit and occupy many resources. However, it may develope to other possible business.
    
    The essence of the Boston matrix is to combine strategic plan with capital budget, and to divide a complex enterprise behavior into four types by two important indicators. It helps a variety of operating companies to determine which products are suitable to invest, for which products operating at a profit, for which products removed from the business combination, so that the business combination to achieve the best operating results.
  
• How do you connect your requirements to your architecture?
    
   From the user's point of view, what the user want to get after using the product and the users' requirements for the features the product should have. And the architect should set up the architecture document based on the users' requirements and function description. The architecture focus on support the result of system analysis. According to the designing, we need to combine the customers' requirements with final architecture and develop the product. In addition, the use case and scenarios describe the relationship among components, connect the four views in software architecture.
  
• Can you connect all requirements directly? What do you do if you cannot?
    
   No, I can't connect all requirements directly, but maybe I can connect them indirectly. As the users have different requirements, the requirements can be divided into different level according to users. If I cannot connect the requirements, as a developer of the product, I should analyze the all users in different area and know about their features, tasks, requirments clearly. Based on some prioritisation methods, we can decide the order of requirements during the development.
